Improve mission statement and description in README (#189)
CliMA/ClimaOcean.jl: README.md

## Why? What's the difference between ClimaOcean and [Oceananigans](https://github.com/CliMA/Oceananigans.jl)?

`Oceananigans` is a general-purpose package for ocean-flavored fluid dynamics. 
`ClimaOcean` _specializes_ `Oceananigans` for a specific application: realistic ocean simulations, and coupled ocean + sea ice simulations.

To do this, `ClimaOcean` implements two core abstractions:
* `ocean_simulation`, and
* `OceanSeaIceModel`.

> To illustrate how `ClimaOcean` extends `Oceananigans`, consider this simple one-layer near-global model with 1/4 degree resolution,

Author: ```suggestion
To illustrate how `ClimaOcean` extends `Oceananigans`, we set up a 10-layer near-global model at 1/4 degree resolution,
```

## Why? What's the difference between ClimaOcean and [Oceananigans](https://github.com/CliMA/Oceananigans.jl)?

`Oceananigans` is a general-purpose package for ocean-flavored fluid dynamics. 
`ClimaOcean` _specializes_ `Oceananigans` for a specific application: realistic ocean simulations, and coupled ocean + sea ice simulations.

> To illustrate how `ClimaOcean` extends `Oceananigans`, we set up a 10-layer near-global model at 1/4 degree resolution,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To illustrate how `ClimaOcean` extends `Oceananigans`, we set up a model with 10 vertical levels and a horizontal grid at a 1/4-degree resolution,
```

using Dates, CFTime
import ClimaOcean

arch = GPU()
grid = LatitudeLongitudeGrid(arch,
                             size = (1440, 560, 10),
                             halo = (7, 7, 7),
                             longitude = (0, 360),
                             latitude = (-70, 70),
                             z = (-3000, 0))

bathymetry = ClimaOcean.regrid_bathymetry(grid) # builds gridded bathymetry based on ETOPO1
grid = ImmersedBoundaryGrid(grid, GridFittedBottom(bathymetry))

# Build an ocean simulation initialized to the ECCO state estimate on Jan 1, 1993
ocean = ClimaOcean.ocean_simulation(grid)
date  = DateTimeProlepticGregorian(1993, 1, 1)
set!(ocean.model, T = ClimaOcean.ECCOMetadata(:temperature; date),
                  S = ClimaOcean.ECCOMetadata(:salinity; date))

# Build and run an OceanSeaIceModel (with no sea ice component) forced by JRA55 reanalysis
atmosphere = ClimaOcean.JRA55_prescribed_atmosphere(arch)
coupled_model = ClimaOcean.OceanSeaIceModel(ocean; atmosphere)
simulation = Simulation(coupled_model, Δt=10minutes, stop_time=30days)
run!(simulation)
```

ClimaOcean's core abstractions are `ocean_simulation` and `ClimaOcean.OceanSeaIceModel`:

> * `ocean_simulation` configures an Oceananigans model for realistic simulations including temperature and salinity, the TEOS-10 equation of state, boundary conditions to store computed air-sea fluxes, the automatically-calibrated turbulence closure `CATKEVerticalDiffusivity`, and the [`WENOVectorInvariant` advection scheme](https://agupubs.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1029/2023MS004130) for mesoscale-turbulence-resolving simulations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ocean_simulation` configures an Oceananigans model for realistic simulations including temperature and salinity, the TEOS-10 equation of state, boundary conditions to store computed air-sea fluxes, the automatically-calibrated turbulence closure `CATKEVerticalDiffusivity`, and the [`WENOVectorInvariant` advection scheme](http://doi.org/10.1029/2023MS004130) for mesoscale-turbulence-resolving simulations.
```

* `OceanSeaIceModel` provides a framework for coupled modeling with an ocean component, prescribed atmosphere, and optionally, a sea ice component.
`OceanSeaIceModel` computes air-sea, air-ice, and ice-ocean fluxes of momentum, heat, and freshwater.

> In addition to these core abstractions `ClimaOcean` provides convenience features for wrangling datasets of bathymetry, ocean temperature, salinity, and velocity fields, and prescribed atmospheric states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to these core abstractions `ClimaOcean` provides convenience features for wrangling datasets of bathymetry, ocean temperature, salinity, ocean velocity fields, and prescribed atmospheric states.
```

    
`ClimaOcean` is built on top of `Oceananigans` and `ClimaSeaIce`, so it's important that `ClimaOcean` users become proficient with [`Oceananigans`](https://github.com/CliMA/Oceananigans.jl).
Note that `ClimaOcean` is currently focused on hydrostatic modeling with `Oceananigans`' `HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModel`.

> This simulation achieves approximately 8 years per day of wall time on an Nvidia H100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simulation above achieves approximately 8 simulated years per day of wall time on an Nvidia H100 GPU.
```

> Since, for example, `ocean.model` is an Oceananigans.HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModel`, we can leverage all of Oceananigans features in our scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since, for example, `ocean.model` is an `Oceananigans.HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModel`, we can leverage all of Oceananigans features in our scripts.
```
